SPCTR-1910 Fix: Z-Index extension is not working for the dynamic blocks. (#2376)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: README.md

* Fix: Container - Does not work properly when it is used inside cover block.
* Fix: Table Of Contents - Page was not scrolling to the headings on the frontend for some edge cases.
* Fix: Post Carousel - On reducing or increasing Post per page all items sticks to each other in editor.

> * Fix: Z-index extension - Was not working for dynamic block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix: Z-Index extension is not working for the dynamic blocks.
```
